README.md, before:


# 🚀 AI/ML Company Case Study
![Alt Text](ai-generated-8540920_960_720.webp "AI Presentation Image")

Welcome to the **IonQ** case study repository! This document provides a comprehensive overview of the company, its activities, and some recommendations. Dive into the sections below for detailed answers to key questions. 

--

## 📝 Table of Contents

1. [Overview and Origin](#overview-and-origin)
2. [Business Activities](#business-activities)
3. [Landscape](#landscape)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Recommendations](#recommendations)

--

### Overview and Origin

**Q: What is the name of the company?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: When was the company incorporated?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: Who are the founders of the company?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: How did the idea for the company (or project) come about?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: How is the company funded? How much funding have they received?**  
A: [Answer here].
**Q
--

### Business Activities

**Q: What specific problem is the company or project trying to solve?**  
A: Ionq is trying to use their quantum 

**Q: Who is the company's intended customer? Is there any information about the market size of this set of customers?**  
A: Quantum developers, partners, researchers. 
>"Airbus is deploying IonQ Forte to co-develop an aircraft loading optimization algorithm that utilizes 28 qubits to execute full variational optimization of a quantum circuit, the largest variational optimization performed on a QPU to date."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

>"Building on their previous efforts on IonQ Aria, Hyundai will advance its cutting-edge quantum computational chemistry methods on Forte QPU to garner additional precision and leverage Forte's computational capabilities for much deeper chemistry insight."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

>"Los Alamos National Lab is successfully sampling boolean satisfiability problems on IonQ Forte using QAOA in order to probe the scalability of QAOA on NISQ computation."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

**Q: What solution does this company offer that their competitors do not or cannot offer? (What is the unfair advantage they utilize?)**  
A: They are researching and constructing more advanced quantum computers in order to take advantage of quantum computing for applications in AI and Machine Learning.

**Q: Which technologies are they currently using, and how are they implementing them?**  
A: They have an array of products: IonQ Aria, IonQ Harmony, and IonQ Forte.

**Q: How can you get involved?**
A: IonQ Aria and IonQ Harmony are cloud accessible via Google, Amazon Braket, Microsoft Azure and IonQ Quantum Cloud.

--

### Landscape

**Q: What field is the company in?**  
A: Quantum Computing, Cloud Computing

**Q: What have been the major trends and innovations of this field over the last 5–10 years?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: What are the other major companies in this field?**  
A: IBM, NVIDIA

--

### Results

**Q: What has been the business impact of this company so far?**  
A: They are making a move to cloud computing, so they are likely trying to capitalize off the fact that few people will have a quantum computer for the forseeable future and will charge people to use their machines, like a new age IBM.

**Q: What are some of the core metrics that companies in this field use to measure success? How is your company performing based on these metrics?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: How is your company performing relative to competitors in the same field?**  
A: [Answer here]

--

### Recommendations

**Q: If you were to advise the company, what products or services would you suggest they offer?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: Why do you think that offering this product or service would benefit the company?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: What technologies would this additional product or service utilize?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: Why are these technologies appropriate for your solution?**  
A: [Answer here]

https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers

https://www.forbes.com/sites/moorinsights/2023/06/02/a-quantum-leap-in-ai-ionq-aims-to-create-quantum-machine-learning-models-at-the-level-of-general-human-intelligence/

Commit message:

Adding more content for the questions

README.md, after:


# 🚀 AI/ML Company Case Study
![Alt Text](ai-generated-8540920_960_720.webp "AI Presentation Image")

Welcome to the **IonQ** case study repository! This document provides a comprehensive overview of the company, its activities, and some recommendations. Dive into the sections below for detailed answers to key questions. 

--

## 📝 Table of Contents

1. [Overview and Origin](#overview-and-origin)
2. [Business Activities](#business-activities)
3. [Landscape](#landscape)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Recommendations](#recommendations)

--

### Overview and Origin

**Q: What is the name of the company?**  
A: IonQ

**Q: When was the company incorporated?**  
A: 2015

**Q: Who are the founders of the company?**  
A: Harry Weller and Andrew Schoen

**Q: How did the idea for the company (or project) come about?**  
A: Monroe and Kim's research partnership began with a Science Magazine review paper that combined Monroe's work on trapped ions with Kim's focus on scalable quantum information processing.

**Q: How is the company funded? How much funding have they received?**  
A: Became the first publicly traded, pure-play quantum computing company when it IPO'd on the New York Stock Exchange in 2021 
Partnering with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft to make its quantum computers accessible via the cloud .
Founded using $2 million in seed funding from New Enterprise Associates.
Between 2015 and 2018, IonQ raised an additional $20 million from Google Ventures, Amazon Web Services
In 2019, under the guidance of a new CEO and president, Peter Chapman, IonQ raised another $55 million from notable investors that included Samsung, Lockheed Martin, Airbus Ventures, Bosch, Hewlett Packard, and Mubadala
New Investments from Lockheed Martin, Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH (RBVC) and Cambium Brings Total Investment to $84M.
**Q
--

### Business Activities

**Q: What specific problem is the company or project trying to solve?**  
A: IonQ is currently exploring better ways to load cargo or reduce fuel consumption with Airbus,  researching optimized lithium compounds in batteries with the Hyundai Motor Company, and more.
IonQ in general is trying to solve the problem of how to further quantum computers scale and it can apply to cutting edge problems we have now.
**Q: Who is the company's intended customer? Is there any information about the market size of this set of customers?**  
A: Quantum developers, partners, researchers. 
>"Airbus is deploying IonQ Forte to co-develop an aircraft loading optimization algorithm that utilizes 28 qubits to execute full variational optimization of a quantum circuit, the largest variational optimization performed on a QPU to date."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

>"Building on their previous efforts on IonQ Aria, Hyundai will advance its cutting-edge quantum computational chemistry methods on Forte QPU to garner additional precision and leverage Forte's computational capabilities for much deeper chemistry insight."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

>"Los Alamos National Lab is successfully sampling boolean satisfiability problems on IonQ Forte using QAOA in order to probe the scalability of QAOA on NISQ computation."
> -- <small><small><cite>[IonQ](https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers)</cite></small></small>

**Q: What solution does this company offer that their competitors do not or cannot offer? (What is the unfair advantage they utilize?)**  
A: They are researching and constructing more advanced quantum computers in order to take advantage of quantum computing for applications in AI and Machine Learning.

**Q: Which technologies are they currently using, and how are they implementing them?**  
A: They have an array of products: IonQ Aria, IonQ Harmony, and IonQ Forte.

**Q: How can you get involved?**
A: IonQ Aria and IonQ Harmony are cloud accessible via Google, Amazon Braket, Microsoft Azure and IonQ Quantum Cloud.

--

### Landscape

**Q: What field is the company in?**  
A: Quantum Computing, Cloud Computing

**Q: What have been the major trends and innovations of this field over the last 5–10 years?**  
A: With quantum computing we can train models to recognize objects using fewer input parameters than classical approaches.

**Q: What are the other major companies in this field?**  
A: IBM, NVIDIA

--

### Results

**Q: What has been the business impact of this company so far?**  
A: They are making a move to cloud computing, so they are likely trying to capitalize off the fact that few people will have a quantum computer for the forseeable future and will charge people to use their machines, like a new age IBM.

**Q: What are some of the core metrics that companies in this field use to measure success? How is your company performing based on these metrics?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: How is your company performing relative to competitors in the same field?**  
A: [Answer here]

--

### Recommendations

**Q: If you were to advise the company, what products or services would you suggest they offer?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: Why do you think that offering this product or service would benefit the company?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: What technologies would this additional product or service utilize?**  
A: [Answer here]

**Q: Why are these technologies appropriate for your solution?**  
A: [Answer here]

https://ionq.com/news/ionq-forte-launched-for-commercial-use-making-aq-29-available-for-customers

https://www.forbes.com/sites/moorinsights/2023/06/02/a-quantum-leap-in-ai-ionq-aims-to-create-quantum-machine-learning-models-at-the-level-of-general-human-intelligence/
https://www.forbes.com/sites/moorinsights/2021/03/23/ionq-takes-quantum-computing-public-with-a-2-billion-deal/#:~:text=IonQ%20was%20founded%20in%202015,an%20option%20to%20go%20public.
https://ionq.com/posts/how-does-quantum-machine-learning-work
